Vietnam, our country, with
4000 years of glorious history,
now the Mongol army, with its
thundering hooves and swords whirling
like a firestorm, is
determined to burn our Great Viet to ashes.
[Music]
[Applause]
Vietnam, our country, 4000 years of glorious history, the great Mongol
army of the North, with its thundering hooves and swords
whirling like a firestorm, is determined to burn our
Great Viet to ashes.
[Music] The
Dien Hong Conference, Tran Nhan Tong's spirit, the peace and harmony
like a waterfall,
stepping on the autumn head, victory,
we return to our beloved
Vietnam, peace and harmony. Suddenly, we receive the message from the holy ancestor, the wise and virtuous, clinging to the fence, erasing hatred and resentment for a thousand years. [Applause] [Music] Hello [Music] [Music] Vietnam, our country, 4000 years of glorious history, the great
Mongol army of the North, with its
thundering hooves and
swords whirling like a firestorm, is
determined to burn our Great Viet to
ashes.  Like a waterfall
cascading down in the
autumn sky, we return victorious
[music]
majestically seeing our beloved Vietnam, our peaceful country.
Suddenly recognizing the sacred teachings of our ancestors, the wise and enlightened ones,
erasing hatred and resentment.
Proudly seeing our beloved Vietnam, our peaceful country.
Suddenly recognizing the sacred teachings of our ancestors, the wise and enlightened ones,
teaching the people to learn the Buddha's teachings,
erasing hatred and resentment.
[music]
[Applause]